Meeting Agenda
Date: 2017-05-01
Chair: Jonatan Källman 
Participants: Jonatan Källman, Filip Labe, Erik Sjöström, Sarosh Nasir
1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to
continue.

No issues preventing us to move forward at the moment. 
All branches are merged to master except those who we are currently working on.

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

We have worked on issues on Git, saving states and program structure (packages etc).

3. Discussion items (35 min)
- Discuss issues from 1 and 2, possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or
keywords)

Main things:
Create more tests. (Add tests for all models)
System decomposition (Not everything is decomposed yet - should be done before Thursday).
Fixing memory problems.
Work on issues on Git.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other
documentation (add terms to wordbook)
- From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each group member issues to solve.

We have assigned some issues on Git as usual. 
We have decided that, since we have worked with at least one model each in the MVP implementation,
that each of us should write tests for the model that we worked with.
We will prepare for showing our system design to the teacher assistant next Monday.
These assignments still stand as we have been working on system decomposition and saving state. 

5. Wrap up
- Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
- Time and location for next meeting

Issues listed on Git:
Constant "clock"
Welcome screen
Choose area and level from map
Implement Map/ Area/ Level tests
Implement Home and Shop tests
App Icon
Implement MainPresenter as a main communicator between views and models.
Add persistant gold indicator to activities
Implement bottom bar as a fragment

General issues: 
See discussion items.

Our next meeting: 2017-05-04
