Meeting Agenda
Date: 2017-04-24
Chair: Jonatan Källman 
Participants: Jonatan Källman, Filip Labe, Erik Sjöström, Sarosh Nasir
1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to
continue.

We have to merge all the branches in Git so that we can create new ones to remain structured.
Other than that, there are no real issues preventing us to continue working.

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

Since we just came back from a break, we have only been working on some minor stuff.


3. Discussion items (35 min)
- Discuss issues from 1 and 2, possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or
keywords)

Main things:
Connect remaining activites to files (Presenters to views).
Finish with MVP implementation (interfaces and such).
Add more tests.
Work on SDD.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other
documentation (add terms to wordbook)
- From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each group member issues to solve.


5. Wrap up
- Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
- Time and location for next meeting

Issues listed on Git:

General issues: 
See discussion items.

Our next meeting: 2017-04-27
