Meeting Agenda
Date: 2017-04-13
Chair: Jonatan Källman 
Participants: Jonatan Källman, Filip Labe, Erik Sjöström, Sarosh Nasir
1. Objectives (5 min). Resolve any issues preventing the team to
continue.

No issues are preventing us from moving forward as it is now.

2. Reports (15 min) from previous meeting

We have not done a lot since the previous meeting as we are currently on a break.
Main things that have been done are new issues that have been posted to git.
We are going to start implementing MVP (model - view - presenter) into our program, and issues regarding that have been created.
We discussed creating tests as well as starting with the SDD and we came to the conclusion that we should 
finish our code base before we start with these.

3. Discussion items (35 min)
- Discuss issues from 1 and 2, possibly new or more general issues (very short notes and/or
keywords)

Main things:
Connect activites to files (Presenters to views).
Starting with MVP implementation (interfaces and such).
Start with tests.
Start briefly with SDD.

4. Outcomes and assignments (5 min)
- Outcomes from 3). I.e. write down what's decided and why it was decided? Sync with other
documentation (add terms to wordbook)
- From outcomes, 1), 2) and 3) (re)assign each group member issues to solve.

As stated earlier, we have posted issues on Git regarding the first two discussion items. 
Tests and SDD will be added as well in the near future.

Issues are assigned on Git on the go.

5. Wrap up
- Write down unresolved issues for next meeting.
- Time and location for next meeting

Issues listed on Git:
Implement interface for MVP: Stats and StatsActivity.
Create Presenter (main) class & implement interface for MVP: Presenter and MainActivity.
Implement interface for MVP: Home and HomeActivity.
Implement bottom bar as a fragment.
Implement interface for MVP: Shop and ShopActivity.
Implement interface for MVP: Map and MapActivity.
Map layout to display map.

General issues: 
See discussion items.

Our next meeting: 2017-04-13
